Additional steps to modify the parameter overprovisionRatio after the LVM cluster is created (#90608)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/lvms-about-lvmcluster-cr.adoc

|Specify a factor by which you can provision additional storage based on the available storage in the thin pool.

For example, if this field is set to 10, you can provision up to 10 times the amount of available storage in the thin pool.

> This field can be modified after the LVM Cluster is created. To update the parameter, use either of the following methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can modify this field after the LVM Cluster has been created. 

To update the parameter, do any of the following tasks:
```

Reviewer: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-verbs#voice

Reviewer: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=format-procedures#handling-nonsequential-actions

> Edit the LVM Cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To edit the LVM Cluster, run the following command:
```

> `$ oc edit lvmcluster <lvmcluster-name>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc edit lvmcluster <lvmcluster_name>`
----
```

> Apply a patch:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To apply a patch, run the following command:
```

> `oc patch lvmcluster <lvmcluster-name>`

Author: @lahinson its better to place here only as it points to parameter. If we create a separate then the cu may find  it difficult to configure

> `$ oc patch lvmcluster <lvmcluster-name> -p <patch-file.yaml>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc patch lvmcluster <lvmcluster-name> -p <patch-file.yaml>
----
```

Reviewer: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#procedure-step-that-introduces-a-command

Reviewer: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#single-command-per-code-block

Reviewer: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#command-syntax-for-replaceable-values

|Specify a factor by which you can provision additional storage based on the available storage in the thin pool.

For example, if this field is set to 10, you can provision up to 10 times the amount of available storage in the thin pool.

> This field can be modified after the LVM Cluster is created.

Reviewer: You can modify this field after the LVM cluster has been created.

Reviewer: Use active voice.

To update the parameter, do any of the following tasks:

> To edit the LVM Cluster, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To edit the LVM Cluster, run the following command:
```

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc edit lvmcluster <lvmcluster_name>
----

> To apply a patch, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To apply a patch, run the following command:
```
